- [Instructor] Let us now look at the alternatives
that you have for the setup of this application.
We created a very basic dynamic web project.
We generated a structure for as an eclipse.
However, you can actually choose Maven or Gradle,
which are built-in project management tools,
to set up the entire project structure
and then configure the build path
with all the libraries necessary.
So we added all the libraries manually.
For example, the servlet JSP APIs or the JDBC jar;
but the built-in project management tools can now
actually help you configure that build path automatically.
The second one is we chose StormCAD Server
as our software for deployment of the application;
but you can choose IBM JBoss, WebLogic, GlassFish,
or any other Java enterprise edition-compliant container
or server for hosting the application.
Next, we can ask the build tool itself
to deploy and run the project on server.
As an inside eclipse IDE, we actually chose the option
of run as run on server or we deployed the war external
to the eclipse; but you can ask Maven or Gradle
to actually run the project for you.
So there's a command present in Maven
which will automatically take your word file and put it
on the server and deploy it and show you the console view.
Next, instead of Eclipse IDE, you can actually go and use
NetBeans or IntelliJ IDE for the development purposes,
which is completely fine.
We are going to choose MySQL database server as our server
for the entire application, but you may opt for any other
relational database that you are comfortable with.
Let's understand this one point that in our course
we have picked up softwares which are open source
and freely available; but if you are ready
to pay a cost, it's absolutely fine
if you go with any of these alternatives.